Fix `flattenFilter` logic to account for not plain filter values (#22915)
directus/directus: .changeset/violet-numbers-retire.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Fixed `flattenFilter` logic to not look for keys in filter operands if not nested

Reviewer: Maybe a bit less technical?
```suggestion
Fixed an issue where keys in filter operand objects where incorrectly checked for field permissions
```
